Reactors including file renames, moves, etc to go into “pure reactor” commits without functional changes.

Code change levels:

Level 0: just renaming files and things in files (no moves!)

1: moves inside files

2: refactors of code without functional changes

3: functional changes

Strive for as little crossover as possible, when it’s significant activity.

Tx psychology of computer programming from iPhone downloads to calibre (homed on Mac these days).




----

- bars rendering at edges
- colours in that info box (stupid font stuff)
- Check test coverage
- Text field issue
- Animation duration, put back in custom

- Make tech debt list somewhere; ticket for backlog?

Update teams folk with stuff remaining this morning.


----

Snags: (cost us time)

Circular dependencies of tickets (the first one 204 and the next one 205, for starters).

Mitigation: base ticket order and split on journey depth, not purely screen depth.


Incorrect labels in figma and tickets (two labels for same screen in different places)

Mitigation: 
A checking step before work where we verify these things.
Possibly use variables in figma for screen names, if that’s possible?


Effective force push of code that had code dependent on it (in real branch versus spike branch) - I spent time working out where my code needed transplanting to and what it had renamed to.
Mitigation: check before doing this sort of refactor. Awareness that if code is moved to different branch, you can be in effect doing a “force push” without actually doing one.


Invalid analytics spreadsheet: the analytics script didn’t clearly flag up the problem and just continued (error buried in wall of text), produced an invalid mix of data.

Mitigation: analytics script to exit immediately upon finding a problem, and delete all generated files before it runs, so old files can’t be mistaken for newly generated files.
Could also have some automated testing of analytics script (eg CI) that flags a problem as soon as one is found?

Keeping all reviews in-team (just me and chloe) - we need other eyes sometimes, even if that slows up ticket turnaround.



---
